Update OCI walkthrough to match the new template (#1517)
defenseunicorns/zarf: docs/13-walkthroughs/6-publish-and-deploy.md

# Using OCI to Store & Deploy Zarf Packages 

## Introduction

> In this walkthrough, we are going to run through how to publish a Zarf package to an OCI compliant registry, allowing end users to pull and deploy packages without needing to build locally, or transfer the package to their environment.

Reviewer: Why drop the link here?

Author: Accidental drop.  Will add it back in

## System Requirements

> - Internet access to download any images or access to Docker Hub
> - A method to run a registry container, if wishing to run a local registry for testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Internet access to download resources or upload packages
- Access to a registry (this walkthrough uses Docker Hub)
```

## Prerequisites

For following along locally, please ensure the following prerequisites are met:

1. Zarf binary installed on your `$PATH`: ([Install Instructions](../3-getting-started.md#installing-zarf))
2. Access to a [Registry supporting the OCI Distribution Spec](https://oras.land/implementors/#registries-supporting-oci-artifacts), this walkthrough will be using Docker Hub

> 2. [Initialize a cluster](./1-initializing-a-k8s-cluster.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Access to a cluster that has been [initialized with zarf](./1-initializing-a-k8s-cluster.md).
```

> ## Walkthrough

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setup
```

> [![Using OCI to Store & Deploy Zarf Packages Video on YouTube](../.images/walkthroughs/publish_and_deploy_thumbnail.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QKxgJnC_37Y "Using OCI to Store & Deploy Zarf Packages")

Reviewer 2: Why are we embedding a link w/ a thumbnail and not a direct Youtube embed here? Example: https://github.com/Noxsios/zola-theme-terminimal/blob/271ffecddef428b43c66b5bf592cf41016b73fb4/templates/shortcodes/youtube.html

Reviewer 2: Can make this a react component, and use across files.  The ANSI colorings can also be react components due to their repetitive style declarations.

Author: We've been using this style with the walkthroughs so far.  I'll defer to @Racer159 on how he'd like these done.  If we switch it up here, we'll have to backport changes to the walkthroughs.

Reviewer: Yeah we could do it this way for now, and then refactor it all in one fell swoop if we wanted - I agree an embed is prolly better overall but can also wait a little bit.

### Deploy Package

[CLI Reference](../4-user-guide/1-the-zarf-cli/100-cli-commands/zarf_package_deploy.md)

Deploying a package stored in an OCI registry is nearly the same experience as deploying a local package:

<iframe src="/docs/walkthroughs/publish_and_deploy_deploy.html" width="100%" height="800px"></iframe>

### Pull Package

[CLI Reference](../4-user-guide/1-the-zarf-cli/100-cli-commands/zarf_package_pull.md)

Packages can be saved to the local disk in order to deploy a package multiple times without needing to fetch it every time.

<iframe src="/docs/walkthroughs/publish_and_deploy_pull.html" width="100%" height="450px"></iframe>

## Removal

1. Use the `zarf package list` command to get a list of the installed packages.  This will give you the name of the games package to remove it.

<iframe src="/docs/walkthroughs/publish_and_deploy_list.html" width="100%"></iframe>

2. Use the `zarf package remove` command to remove the `helm-oci-chart` package.  Don't forget the `--confirm` flag.  Otherwise you'll receive an error.

<iframe src="/docs/walkthroughs/publish_and_deploy_remove.html" width="100%" height="115px"></iframe>

> 

Reviewer: Doesn't need to be addressed now, but we will likely want to discuss this not being repeated in every walkthrough (since most will just be `zarf package list` `zarf package remove`

## Troubleshooting

### Failed to publish package: version is required for publishing

#### Example

<iframe src="/docs/walkthroughs/troubleshoot_version_required_publish.html" width="100%" height="130px"></iframe>

#### Remediation

You attepted to publish a package with no version metadata.

<iframe src="/docs/walkthroughs/troubleshoot_version_required_no_version.html" width="100%" height="300px"></iframe>

1. Open the zarf.yaml file.
2. Add a version attribute to the [package metadata](https://docs.zarf.dev/docs/user-guide/zarf-schema#metadata)
3. Recreate the package with the `zarf package create` command.
4. Publish the package.  The filename will now have the version as part of it.

### Failed to publish, http: server gave HTTP response to HTTPS client

#### Example

<iframe src="/docs/walkthroughs/troubleshoot_insecure_registry.html" width="100%" height="425px"></iframe>

#### Remediation

You attempted to publish a package to an insecure registry, using http instead of https.

> 1. Use the `--insecure` flag.  This is not suitable for production workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the `--insecure` flag.  Note that this is not suitable for production workloads.
```

### Unable to connect to the Kubernetes cluster.

#### Example

<iframe src="/docs/walkthroughs/troubleshoot_unreachable.html" width="100%" height="200px"></iframe>

#### Remediation

If you receive this error, either you don't have a Kubernetes cluster, your cluster is down, or your cluster is unreachable.

1. Check your kubectl configuration, then try again.  For more information about kubectl configuration see [Configure Access to Multiple Clusters](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/configure-access-multiple-clusters/) from the Kubernetes documentation.

If you need to setup a cluster, you can perform the following.

1. Deploy a Kubernetes cluster with the [Creating a K8s Cluster with Zarf](./4-creating-a-k8s-cluster-with-zarf.md) walkthrough.
2. Perform the [Initialize a cluster](./1-initializing-a-k8s-cluster.md) walkthrough.

After that you can try deploying the package again.

### Secrets "zarf-state" not found.

#### Example

> <iframe src="/docs/walkthroughs/troubleshoot_uninitialized.html" width="100%" height="250px"></iframe>

Reviewer: Same with remove - there are common troubleshooting steps that should get their own page.

Author: Agreed.  Will  add it to my notes, if there's not an issue for a common troubleshooting page, let's make one.
